Added troubleshooting section to filesystem docs (#1900)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/filesystem.md

You will also notice `init` files being present in the root folder and the special `dlt` folders. In the absence of the concepts of schemas and tables in blob storages and directories, `dlt` uses these special files to harmonize the behavior of the `filesystem` destination with the other implemented destinations.

:::note
When a load generates a new state, for example when using incremental loads, a new state file appears in the `_dlt_pipeline_state` folder at the destination. To prevent data accumulation, state cleanup mechanisms automatically remove old state files, retaining only the latest 100 by default. This cleanup process can be customized or disabled using the filesystem configuration `max_state_files`, which determines the maximum number of pipeline state files to retain (default is 100). Setting this value to 0 or a negative number disables the cleanup of old states.
:::

> ## Troubleshooting
> When running your pipeline, you might encounter an error like `[Errno 36] File name too long Error`. This error occurs because the generated file name exceeds the maximum allowed length on your filesystem.
> 
> ### Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
### File Name Too Long Error
When running your pipeline, you might encounter an error like `[Errno 36] File name too long Error`. This error occurs because the generated file name exceeds the maximum allowed length on your filesystem.

```

To prevent the file name length error, set the `max_identifier_length` parameter for your destination. This truncates all identifiers (including filenames) to a specified maximum length.
For example: 

```py
from dlt.destinations import duckdb

pipeline = dlt.pipeline(
    pipeline_name="your_pipeline_name",
    destination=duckdb(
        max_identifier_length=200,  # Adjust the length as needed
    ),
)
```

> **Notes**
> - `max_identifier_length` truncates all identifiers (tables, columns). Ensure the length maintains uniqueness to avoid collisions.
> 
> - Adjust `max_identifier_length` based on your data structure and filesystem limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
- `max_identifier_length` truncates all identifiers (tables, columns). Ensure the length maintains uniqueness to avoid collisions.
- Adjust `max_identifier_length` based on your data structure and filesystem limits.
:::
```
Use admonitions

> **Note:** When a load generates a new state, for example when using incremental loads, a new state file appears in the `_dlt_pipeline_state` folder at the destination. To prevent data accumulation, state cleanup mechanisms automatically remove old state files, retaining only the latest 100 by default. This cleanup process can be customized or disabled using the filesystem configuration `max_state_files`, which determines the maximum number of pipeline state files to retain (default is 100). Setting this value to 0 or a negative number disables the cleanup of old states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
When a load generates a new state, for example when using incremental loads, a new state file appears in the `_dlt_pipeline_state` folder at the destination. To prevent data accumulation, state cleanup mechanisms automatically remove old state files, retaining only the latest 100 by default. This cleanup process can be customized or disabled using the filesystem configuration `max_state_files`, which determines the maximum number of pipeline state files to retain (default is 100). Setting this value to 0 or a negative number disables the cleanup of old states.
:::
```

## Troubleshooting

> When running your pipeline, you might encounter an error like `[Errno 36] File name too long Error`. This error occurs because the generated filename exceeds the maximum allowed length on your filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running your pipeline, you might encounter an error like `[Errno 36] File name too long Error`. This error occurs because the generated file name exceeds the maximum allowed length on your filesystem.
```
Make the term "file name" consistent with `[Errno 36] File name`

### Solution

> To prevent this, you can set the `max_identifier_length` parameter for your destination. This truncates all identifiers (including filenames) to a specified maximum length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the file name length error, set the `max_identifier_length` parameter for your destination. This truncates all identifiers (including filenames) to a specified maximum length.
```
Rewrite for clarity
